everyone for now here and today I have
it for you guys that I double quadruple
piston extender now let me first show it
this is it in action then you want of
course
it is fully tileable works in both
directions and yeah let's get into the
tutorial so input block here this short
button leaver whatever go out from the
torch into a piston that should extend
and now they shall for piston so there
you go and then you want to have your
extending and that's just staggering
these looks like so torches all over the
place now as many of you yeah as many of
you guys would know there is a
directional glitch going on with torches
so if that happens to you you just you
know when it goes wrong you just remove
the top torch place d torch dinner walk
above and a repeater and that should
also just extend fine
now dear attracting four blocks block
like that look like that knock that one
outside area repeater on vortex two
repeaters on two tix then eight torched
our a torch Tyler consisting 5 torches I
think then towards going out so all the
torches are off on the side and then
locks like so and mumbo is just oh my
god repeater is going out from the
bottom one of them all I'm vortex this
one I think I did something wrong and on
yeah I did um so let's just do it again
rats on a brat so now it's a lab rat so
now let's turn around and block block
block there you go now that should work
two repeaters on for one more Teeter on
for and these repeaters would all be on
three
so that should work sorry for that
slight interruption there um tell ya
those repeaters on three ticks and that
you don't extend and almost feature will
almost got to do the bottom part still
yeah so that works if you watch schedule
know what I'm sighing about so this
shape going out three blocks one block
up George block torch on the side
repeaters I'm gonna have to take a peek
okay this one on for this one and three
this one on three so and the torture
there of course
that you're now extend or retract twice
so you have it in this state now for the
next extending or pulsing we have this
and this this new yeah this and two
blocks and this and this torch torch and
these repeaters think that one is on 43
44 so for 344
let's watch it and there you go now we
still have to get in one more thing to
jig and we do that going out of a
repeater yeah like this into a piston
and that piston is going to fire over a
torch once again with a repeater and
some more stuff right all right gets a
block down toward you torch and torch
that now they'll say yeah repeater
all right on three and four and that one
is also on three what do you know so
yeah I still don't know my delays off
the top of my head but there you go
that's it you guys whew finally the
tileable quadruple piston extender is
done now I can get along with d tileable
Quinn tubule piston extender yeah you
just got a little snippy so thanks for
watching and enjoy this part
you